A WordPress site or any content management system doesn't only consist of a database, they are also
files that we need to back up 170 directories, one thousand six hundred thirty two files that we need
to also back up.
In our home directory, we have a directory file backup's that is where we are going to store our file
backups.
It's changed back to scripts to back up the site files.
We are going to make use of tor tors like zap.
We will use Tor to compress an entire directory of files.
We have already created a file backups directory in our home directory to store our site files.
The best script for creating a site backup your Shabangu line, then you specify your destination folder.
That is the folder where you want to store your backup.
In our case, home user file backups.
Your archive file name the domain name often followed by two back ticks in between the two back ticks.
Date time, dot, dot, dot cheesa.
Then you have the actual talk slash open slash tor is the POS hyphen C, Z, VLF are the variables that
we want to use with the tile command.
See is to create a new file.
Z is to compress automatically.
V is to display the files on the screen while they are being processed by tau.
And if is to specify we are creating an archive file the dollar destination folder slash dollar archive
file.
That information will be obtained from the variables above.
We've already specified the destination folder and we've specified the archive file.
Slash VA slash w w w slash side name.
That is the path to your site.
I'm going to create a new file using nano files, the school WPC Ally Dot is a first line is my Shabangu
line, second line slash home user.
I need to change user to my user on the server aka file.
We need to change domain name to the name of the site.
Slash, burn, slash tor followed by the variables, a destination folder slash archive file.
Now we need to specify the POS.
All I do is change site name to WPEC allai dot com.
You can Xanana saving your changes.
We need to change the permissions of files.
WPEC July to plus x.
All that's left is to add period forward slash followed by the name of the script.
The entire slash far slash w w w slash WPEC allai dot com slash public html and every single directory
thereunder flash past you while it was being taught KLD.
Let's go back one level and list.
It's changed to our file backup's directory and there is a back up of the WPEC allai dot com followed
by the date and the time.
The backup file size is a little over nine and a half megabytes.
That backup SaaS will grow as you start adding media and more content to your WordPress site.
So that is how you would back up your database as well as how you would back up files.
In this lecture, we looked at performing database and site backups.